>> Steve Kinney: So
there's a bunch of ways to make them.
One, you could just literally
make that folder and do it right.
The other one,
you do add user rule or user rule,
view user rules,
new cursor rules, do that.
Okay, so let's call this one reaction.
And as you can see,
this basically looks like a markdown
file where you can start to
express some of that intent.
We were talking about this earlier.
This is one of the things that
multiple people have mentioned.
My co founder, Rylan,
does this where he's got this one
where he uses, he has three of these.
It's funny, when I grab his code,
he said, always print these three
emojis to the chat to acknowledge
that you have read this file.
If he doesn't see those, he knows
his file has not gotten picked up.
Which is when I talk about there's
more art to this than science,
genius and ridiculous.
And it works.
And now every time I see this code,
I see those emojis all the time.
It's like not taking up that many tokens.
So, you know, have fun.
But, like, I'm like, it's wild.
So if anyone else has, like, weird tricks
like that, definitely bring them up.
Because, like, I was like, that would
have never occurred to me to do so.
Yeah.
So we've got.
You can.
Some of these.
You can tweak in these settings.
So these are the options we saw earlier.
I don't trust that one.
I don't trust that one because I'm
not a good enough person for that.
So apply to specific files.
I think it's the interesting one for
our case.
Okay.
And you can see some suggestions.
So if this one is React, it makes sense
that we definitely want TSX files.
And the nice thing just to,
like, as a sanity check
is if you type in a bogus pattern,
you at least get a warning.
I know this because I
made a typo one day and
I think I spelled svelte wrong,
which I do daily.
And you can at least catch that.
And you can do stuff like where you can
get, like, again, the regular brain,
smart brain, galaxy brain version
of this is like, all TSX files.
Great.
All REACT files.
Like, hey, we write them in typescript,
hey, we do this, so on and so forth.
Don't export them as default.
I don't have weird things.
But, like, if I could convince six
people on my team to follow them,
I think I can convince an AI and,
like, you can build this up, but
then you can also do, like, you know,
this obviously won't work but
let's say like Source/ Components TS so
now hey,
this rule only to my reusable components.
And then let's say I had
two different files.
I could have one for all react
components and I could have one for
the react components in this file or the
other thing that I will do is I have and
I codify these in some rules for
creating files and I have a bunch of other
weird stuff that is my own making where
it's like if I'm defining tools for
an agent to use,
I'll actually use a tool TS file and
then those are automatically
pulled into those rules.
You can start to build
out what you want for
react component they should be in this
folder, they should export the function or
export default whatever it is that you
should be consistent in your code base
because again, the consistency
matters because I am tightly wound.
The consistency matters because that
is context clues for the LLM right?
And giving it more patterns is only
adding chaos and entropy into the system.
And I used to deal with people,
I let go of a lot of that.
I don't need to hassle my hard working
team that I like arrow functions and
Alex likes function expressions.
You know what, the code base has both
because Alex is working very hard and
that's not helpful in a pull request.
But for an AI,
I can be the worst version of myself and
it's been working out great for me.
So I will kind of, I'll show you.
So I've got some that I wrote
recently where I reuse my own jokes.
So for TypeScript, even if it's creating
a TypeScript file or whatever, but
also to make sure it doesn't change it,
okay, here are the files we're gonna use.
And again, where do you think
the inspiration for this rule came from?
Never use @ts-ignore or ts-expect-error
without explanatory comments.
You know where that came from.
It did it.
And some of this, as you can see my
increased frustration over time.
And yes, I'm aware of what I'm
doing to the token counts.
I'm aware that I'm a hypocrite at times.
But as you can see, I don't like enums.
So some of that is my own personal things.
We can kinda begin again.
Some of that though is useful, right,
document the complex
type with JSON comments.
Now every time it goes into
a Typescript file it reads that.
Sometimes it doesn't,
you know, so on and so forth.
Again, as you see,
I care strongly about eslint but
I wrote this one before I got the flow of
making, now I've got pre-commit hooks and
so it's like a lot of times I
will have to say in a prompt
you are not successful until
you can make a commit, right?
And knowing that my pre-commit hooks will
not pass if my rules are not followed.
When we look at cloud hooks later you can
have hooks where you can see it will check
with you Pre tool use and post tool use.
Where post tool use.
You can run all those checks and
yell at it or
pre tool use if it starts to say hey,
it's going to run this bash command git
commit no verify which skips
all the pre commit hooks.
You can literally block it, right?
And that's like again that is the set of
controls to keep this stuff like in place.
You know, like just little like is this
the most important thing in the world?
No.
Am I a bad person?
Probably.
I like my imports in a certain order.
Like do you understand how hard
I am to work with as a person?
I do type validation with Zod now.
I think I have like the one that
I have in my project now is
like always use Zod v4 again rules,
so on and so forth.
You can kind of see about like, you know,
like don't just trust that fetch
because fetch returns any.
It'll just believe whatever you said.
Actually this is like a known pattern
that somehow works, wrong and
right anti-patterns.
If you've ever done the image generation,
negative prompts are a thing like
statistics, you say what you want,
but also making it very clear
what you don't want actually for
these models is an effective
counterbalance.
So you can begin to try to
find some of these patterns.
But again these are just
ones of TypeScript.
What I want an employee
to do is eventually
read these documents
about the architecture
of this application before you
touch any files in this directory.
I have JSON.
There's a bunch of code that I.
A lot of those Zod schemas that I use in
my code base I actually have generated
from the types out of other things.
So it's like never edit these files.
Always run this bun command to
generate those files whenever you
update this other file to express
all the rules in writing clearly and
then you end up with better results,
right?
And so like I said, there's a bunch
of ways you can begin to tweak this.
I would implore you in
your copious free time,
you can go into kinda rules and
again, do not, I want that one.
I'm building a Chrome extension right now,
as I mentioned.
So I'm like, I'm at least gonna read this.
But you can kinda see
some interesting ones.
Even this one jumped out at me because
it's got some things similar before,
as we saw earlier.
Like, and it's like, for me, when I
said some of those file extensions and
folders in a Chrome extension,
you've got a service worker which does
not have access to the dom, right?
You've got content scripts that run in the
DOM that do not have access to a lot of
the Chrome extension APIs.
You've got these weird things
that have access to both, right?
I start with the rules.
Then I have eslint rules that apply
adaptively to those file paths.
And again,
you tell it not to do it 60% of the time.
It works every time.
And then you have the feedback loop
to make sure it doesn't do that,
because ideally,
you still want to tell it not to do it,
because that feedback loop is tokens now.
It's better than me having
to tell it to start over.
Yeah, have both.
But ideally, if you can get it right
the first time, that is great.
Because a lot of times it won't read
the ESLint error message unless it gets
an error exit code of not zero.
Awesome.
>> Male: One thing I found
interesting is if you ask it why,
sometimes it'll tell you
how I got to that thought.
And then you can kind of reverse
engineer the psychology.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, yeah.
Every time it does
something you don't want,
if you build your own muscle memory
of why did you do that, right?
Again, it's not unlike parenting.
Like I said, how those rules
apply is an interesting dance.
As many as you need,
as few as you can get away with, right?
And, like, make sure you're not
repeating yourself across them unless
you feel the need to.
And like,
they will be read ideally every time.
So they start to take away
some of that boilerplate.
And there are other tools that
we'll look at in a little bit for
taking away some of that
boilerplate as well.